1
Manulife Bank Visa Infinite* Card Information Box
*Trademark of Visa Int. used under license.
Annual Interest
Rates
These interest rates are in effect the day your account is opened (whether or not your card is activated).
Purchases, fees, and other charges: 21.99%
Cash Advances and Balance Transfers: 22.99%
If you do not make your minimum payment by the payment due date 2 or more times in any 12-month period,
your annual interest rates will increase to standard rates of 25.99% on Purchases, fees, and other charges
and 27.99% for Cash Advances and Balance Transfers, including those done under any previous rate.
This increase will take effect in the third statement period following the missed payment that caused the rate
to increase. The increased rates will remain in effect until you make your minimum payments by the due date for
12 consecutive months.
Interest-free
Grace Period
You will benefit from an interest-free grace period of at least 21 days if you pay off your balance in full by
the due date. No interest is charged on Purchases and fees appearing on your statement for the 1st time if you
pay your new balance in full by the payment due date. There is no interest-free period on Cash Advances and
Balance Transfers.
Minimum
Payment
For non-Quebec residents only
Your Minimum Payment will be $10 plus any interest and fees (not including the annual fee), plus any amount
by which the new balance exceeds your credit limit, and any amount past due from the prior month.
For Quebec residents only
Your Minimum Payment will be the greater of:
a) 5% of the new balance shown on your statement; or b) $10. Your Minimum Payment also includes any
amount by which the new balance exceeds your credit limit, and any amount past due from the prior month.
For all clients and in all cases, if the new balance is less than
$10, the balance is due in full.
Foreign
Currency
Conversion
We will bill you in Canadian currency if you use your account to make transactions in foreign currency.
The exchange rate is determined by Visa Inc. on our behalf on the date on which the transaction is settled
with Visa Inc. This exchange rate may be different from the rate in effect on the transaction date.
When the transaction is posted to your account, in addition to the exchange rate, you will be charged a foreign
currency conversion mark-up equal to
2.50% for each foreign currency transaction.
Annual Fees $139 Primary Cardholder , $50 for each Authorized User
The annual fee will be charged upon the first purchase made with the card and will be billed on the statement
reflecting that purchase, and once per year thereafter.
Installment Fee For each plan a one time fee of up to 3% of the amount of each Transaction that is converted to an Installment
Plan (unless otherwise waived or reduced).  The exact fee will be disclosed when the Installment Plan options
are presented and will be charged at the time the Transaction is converted to an Installment Plan.
